# glipfoundation
The GLIP project is developing a crowdfunding platform around the world based on blockchain. The goal of the project is to help cryptocurrency owners from all over the world participate in crowdfunding through the platform to achieve the goal of the listed project faster and increase the success rate of the project. Also GLIP Foundation try to create a world where everyone has opportunities and can freely unleash their abilities.That is the effort to combine crowdfunding and blockchain. "Children who grow coffee beans in pots can run coffee farms through the GLIP platform and distribute their profits, and In the slums, basketball genius kids no longer need to be sponsored by drug kings." - CEO Yang Seonmo

GLIP stands for Global Investment Platform.
Currently, GLIP is an Ethereum-affiliated token, and is a basic asset that will transfer value assets more quickly through the mainnet in the future. GLIP Value Asset will be a free and fast investment in all sectors of society, culture, economy, and infrastructure in countries across the globe through a crowdfunding platform that can participate in large and small projects around the world. Through GLIP, it is possible to invest even a small amount of small assets in all areas, from solar power projects in remote areas in Africa, exploration facilities in Antarctica to private space exploration projects.
GLIP will realize the reality of blockchain after discovering the existence of blockchain, just like humans owned and used fire for the first time. In other words, it is an attempt to safely meet virtual and all realities.

https://glip-sale.com
